Algorithm
Cryptography.py
Goal: Create a program that assists in a basic form of cryptography, a substitution cypher. Write a program that will accept a phrase and convert it into code by substituting letters according to a key.
INPUT: The user's choice(menu options), text to be coded, and text to be encoded.
OUTPUT: SECRET DECODER MENU, The encoded text, and the decoded text.

STEPS:-

STEP1: Create two list of variables that are encoded into one another
STEP2: Create main function and define it
STEP3: Initialize keepGoing as true and start with while loop
STEP4: Create a variable for menu function
STEP5: Create an if condition and state what to do if true
STEP6: Create a user input and store into variable
STEP7: Print out the encrypted text
STEP8: Create a second if condition and state what to do if true
STEP9: Create a user input and store into variable
STEP10: Print out the decrypted text
STEP11: Create a third and last if condition and state what to do if true
STEP12: print a response
STEP13: Initialize keepGoing as false to halt the endless loop.
STEP14: Create an else statement and state what to do if all of the above is false
Step15: Print a response
STEP16: Create and define a menu function
STEP17: Print out the options
STEP18: Get a response from the user
STEP19: Return to that response and pass the function
STEP20: Create an encode function which will restore the input in the variable "plain"
STEP21: Make an empty string that we are supposed to encode and call it output
STEP22: Convert plain to all upper case
STEP23: Create a for loop for each character in plain variable
STEP24: Create an if condition and make it equivalent to -1, which means that any special character besides the alpha letters will be ignored
STEP25: Find the location of that character in alpha and store it in a variable called position
STEP26: Find the character at that position in key and store it in a variable called newChar
STEP27: Append the variable "newChar" to output
STEP28: Return back to the last result result in the loop
STEP29: Pass the function
STEP30: Create a decode function and which will restore the input in the variable "coded" (It's basically the reverse of encode function)
STEP31: Make an empty string that we are supposed to decode called output
STEP32: convert coded to all upper case
STEP33: Create a for loop for each character in coded variable
STEP34: Create an if condition and make it equivalent to -1, which means if there is any special character rather than key letters will be ignored.
STEP35: Find the location of that character in key and store it in a variable called position.
STEP36: Find the character at that position in alpha and store it in a variable called newChar.
STEP37: Append newChar to output.
STEP38: return to output and pass the function.
STEP39: Finally, create the function that execute the code through the file that is runinng directly.
